---
layout: post
title: Chapter 1
date: 2019-01-03
excerpt: "Here, where the tale begins."
---

I feel kinda of exhausted. So why not visit Evergreen of Hall for a cup of espresso?

He who takes a ride along the coastal boulevard south down gotta encounter the scenery of Separated Islands. Wheat has conquered each acre amid the field, occupying the fertile and desolated land for such a long while. It was long enough for people to forget a whole age, where the windmills shoulda stood still and rotated their sweeps just like present, watering those golden crops. Streams flow beneath and on the surface of the previous moist soil, oasis an inch further away from the channels.

The so-called Evergreen of Hall but locates at N’port, end of the route that people from the continent travel across the water to reach this island. It is where the French windows shape those virtual walls decorated with so different and unique scenery behind the transparent boarder, which tempts the guests to go outdoor and take a view in person. Yet murmur-like crepitating fireplace, dinner table, soft armchairs and warm-toned furniture with marvelous crystal chandelier and goblets shining glimmer inside Evergreen of Hall, whose guest pinches the edge of a saucer and enjoys a cup of drink hanging around, ubiquitous postmodernism spreads amid the thorough room, from the colorfully polished interior design to the knitted carpet.

Sweet and pleasant smell fill up the hall, the fragrance of wheat cream, milk, hot chocolate and coffee. It smells lucky, fortunate and comforting. Yet hardly anyone bears several shots of pure
cafe, while those in silence enjoy espresso, watching and drinking, deep in thoughts.

It is a myth for us island habitants that our pioneers immigrated to this piece of promised land, for some reason, at some time, with some method. The owners of history and tales lost voice,  thus for decades our pioneers are said against the authority at that time and disobeying its rule and hence banished. However, more and more habitants gradually tend to recognize them as true communists, previously and presently, who escaped from an absolute power enslaving and shooting its people and established the Utopia on Separated Islands. The sharing and exchanging system beyond classes until today once founded by our pioneers speaks loudest.

What sound ridiculous are the troops and spies among us deep within. Rifles inside the furnitures in Evergreen of Hall can be a widespread urban legend just one or two decades ago. It’s a shame to overview our possessions growing in field, cooked in pot and discussed as a fascinating topic. It doesn’t matter when and where, why and how to have something in mouth before they become mental. That’s our special, our only special.

Every time those things above occurred to me, it always feel like a dream. Wind carrying sands blows toward me. Cuts on my face and lips get hurt. Sun shines like gem, no more clouds hanging in the clear sky. I feel each part of my body exposed to the sunlight are seriously burnt, damaged skin in red.
 
My step get soft in support of a ponderous body. Terrible pain beneath my scalp grasps my brain and grips so hard. I mean I will soon die after several days of hunger and shortage of water with almost everything available run out. I may fall down before my determination dies down.

Ever since my arrival in the continent, I haven’t found any life on the polluted earth of fallout. The tragedy coulda never taken its place if any effect we followers used to , 