---
layout: post
title: "Welcom'to Evergreen of'all. Why not tak'a cup'f ESPRESSO?"
date: 2019-01-02
excerpt: "Click here to start up with a psychological espresso in Evergreen of Hall."
feature: Blog.github.io/features/The tales.JPG
---

# What is Evergreen of Hall?
**Evergreen of Hall** is a virtual blog for **Elthough Alph** and his fans. The works produced by **Elthough Alph** put up on the website for view and discussion, his works ranged from natural science to humanity to arts. The thoughts and theorems are just like a cup of psychological espresso, fragrant and warning your mind. The indeed once shaped entity **Evergreen of Hall** as well as a political metaphor is referred from the very initial novel **The Conspirator Drinks Espresso**, too.

> Evergreen of Hall locates at N’port, end of the route that people from the continent travel across the water to reach this island. It is where the French windows shape those virtual walls decorated with so different and unique scenery behind the transparent boarder, which tempts the guests to go outdoor and take a view in person. Yet murmur-like crepitating fireplace, dinner table, soft armchairs and warm-toned furniture with marvelous crystal chandelier and goblets shining glimmer inside Evergreen of Hall, whose guest pinches the edge of a saucer and enjoys a cup of espresso hanging around, ubiquitous postmoderinism spreads amid the thorough room, from the colorfully polished interior design to the knitted carpet.


> -- **The Conspirator Drinks Espresso**

# What about check your intersection?
The various and ample works by **Elthough Alph** can be puzzling to you at the very beginning. Yet how about check the following topics and find the intersection between you and **Evergreen of Hall** to serve your self another cup of espresso?