---
layout: post
title: "Policy"
date: 2019-01-30
excerpt: "A brief sample"
tags: "public affairs"
comments: true
---

**To**: Gov. Cuomo <br />
**From**: <br />
**Subject**: Keep the shutdown and complete the repair

# The Situation

The storm brought corrective saltwater which damaged the cable and other device amid the tunnel. The safety and accommodation of the present metro need improvement eagerly. All those problems above lies apparent while there are still no accurate data to reveal at present how well it is, how long it is able to run and how can we take out the refresh. Yet if the L line shut down, it would affected the community and taxpayers, and the media will criticize the policy too much. All those things take place as a consequence of the obstacles on way between the policy and citizens. If more communication, more accurate estimation of all those factors affecting the refresh of L line and proper alternative transit, the program can be unleashed well.

# Recommandation

- Follow the present policy, which repairs the tunnel one after one with thire half shutdown.
- As for each single line, repair the line partly for several times and set transfer path between interrupting points.
- Employ reliable engineers to estimate how long is the present railway able to be used, how long will the refresh last and how much the refresh cost.
- Introduce the new technology to the public and convoke press conference to tell the estimation consequnce to the media.
- Distribute approperate fund the the community along the line.
- Prepare alternative transit for emergency.
- Cancel some tickets for the customers taking the metro.

# Conclusion

The policy shall continue, yet we need accurate estimation to report the public and approperate alternative transit to keep the original transportation running as well as possible. Eventually complete the refresh as soon as posible.
